c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\FisrtDay.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\FisrtDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\FisrtDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\BuyWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\BuyWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewCompaniesWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\SaleWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewCompaniesWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\SaleWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay_Content.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewCategoryWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewCategoryWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewUnitWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewUnitWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\FisrtDay.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\FisrtDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\FisrtDay.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewCategoryWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewCompaniesWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewUnitWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\BuyWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\SaleWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewCategoryWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewCompaniesWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\AddNewUnitWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\BuyWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\SaleWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.g.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-First-Day\FisrtDay\FisrtDay\obj\Debug\FisrtDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
